dsna_py/challenges/cc_16_binary_tree_find_max/README.md, before:

# Find the Maximum Value in a Binary Tree

## Challenge Description
Write an instance method called __`find-maximum-value`__. Without utilizing any of the built-in methods available to your language, return the maximum value stored in the tree. You can assume that the values stored in the __Binary Tree__ will be numeric. <br>

## Approach & Efficiency
Utilize the __Call Stack__ for the traversal method:

__Big O space complexity__ for this approach is __`O(1)`__ <br>
__Big O time complexity__ for this approach is __`O(n)`__ <br>

My code is [here]()

## Solution
![B-Tree find_max whiteboard image 1](./assets/find_max_binary_tree_WB_1.png)
![B-Tree find_max whiteboard image 2](./assets/find_max_binary_tree_WB_2.png)

## ATTRIBUTIONS:

<br>

#### Checklist:

 - [X] Top-level README “Table of Contents” is updated
 - [ ] Feature tasks for this challenge are completed
 - [ ] Unit tests written and passing
     - [ ] “Happy Path” - Expected outcome
     - [ ] Expected failure
     - [ ] Edge Case (if applicable/obvious)
 - [ ] README for this challenge is complete
     - [ ] Summary, Description, Approach & Efficiency, Solution
     - [ ] Link to code
     - [ ] Picture of whiteboard

###### Submission PR:

Commit message:

Completed code and testing for CC-16, BT find_max_val; updated project README.

dsna_py/challenges/cc_16_binary_tree_find_max/README.md, after:

# Find the Maximum Value in a Binary Tree

## Challenge Description
Write an instance method called __`find-maximum-value`__. Without utilizing any of the built-in methods available to your language, return the maximum value stored in the tree. You can assume that the values stored in the __Binary Tree__ will be numeric. <br>

## Approach & Efficiency
Utilize the __Call Stack__ for the traversal method:

__Big O space complexity__ for this approach is __`O(1)`__ <br>
__Big O time complexity__ for this approach is __`O(n)`__ <br>

My code is [here](./find_max_value.py)

## Solution
![B-Tree find_max whiteboard image 1](./assets/find_max_binary_tree_WB_1.png)
![B-Tree find_max whiteboard image 2](./assets/find_max_binary_tree_WB_2.png)
![B-Tree find_max whiteboard image 3](./assets/find_max_binary_tree_WB_3.png)

## ATTRIBUTIONS:
__Skyler Burger__ helped with debugging code for failed test.
<br>

#### Checklist:

 - [X] Top-level README “Table of Contents” is updated
 - [X] Feature tasks for this challenge are completed
 - [X] Unit tests written and passing
     - [X] “Happy Path” - Expected outcome
     - [X] Expected failure
     - [X] Edge Case (if applicable/obvious)
 - [X] README for this challenge is complete
     - [X] Summary, Description, Approach & Efficiency, Solution
     - [X] Link to code
     - [X] Pictures of whiteboard

###### Submission PR:
