dsna_py/challenges/cc_32_tree_intersection/README.md, before:

# Binary Search Trees - Tree Intersection
Find common values in 2 binary trees. <br>

## Specifications
- Read all of the following instructions carefully. Name things exactly as described.
- Do all your work in a public repository (matching the example provided by your instructor) called data-structures-and-algorithms, with a well-formatted, detailed top-level README.md
- Create a branch in your repository called __`tree-intersection`__
- On your branch, create a folder named __`tree_intersection`__ which contains a file called __`tree_intersection.py`__ <br>

- Include any language-specific configuration files required for this challenge to become an individual component, module, library, etc.
	- __*NOTE:*__ You can find an example of this configuration for your course in your class lecture repository.

## Feature Tasks
- Write a function called __`tree_intersection`__ that takes two binary tree parameters.
- Without utilizing any of the built-in library methods available to your language, return a set of values found in both trees.

## Structure and Testing
Utilize the __*Single-responsibility principle*__: any methods you write should be clean, reusable, abstract component parts to the whole challenge. You will be given feedback and marked down if you attempt to define a large, complex algorithm in one function definition.

Write at least three test assertions for each method that you define.

Ensure your tests are passing before you submit your solution.

## Example
__INPUT:__
<!-- ![example image 1]() -->

<!-- ![example image 1]() -->

__`Output`__	__`[100,160,125,175,200,350,500]`__ <br>

---

## Approach & Efficiency
<!-- __Big O space complexity__ for this approach is __`O(n)`__ <br>
__Big O time complexity__ for this approach is __`O(n)`__ <br>
__Big O time complexity for insertion/deletion__ is __`O(1)`__ <br> -->

## API
<!-- This implementation has access to all functionality of my Binary Tree and Binary Search Tree classes. -->

My code is [here](./tree_intersection.py)

---

## Code Challenge 32 whiteboards:
<!-- ![CC-32 tree intersection - 1](./RELATIVE_PATH) -->

<!-- ## Code Challenge N whiteboard: -->
<!-- ![CC-15 - binary tree](./assets/CC_32_WB.png) -->

---

## Task Checklist: <br>
<!-- - [ ] Top-level README “Table of Contents” is updated <br>
- [ ] Feature tasks for this challenge are completed <br>
- [ ] Unit tests written and passing <br>
    - [ ] “Happy Path” - Expected outcome <br>
    - [ ] Expected failure <br>
    - [ ] Edge Case (if applicable/obvious) <br>
- [ ] README for this challenge is complete <br>
    - [ ] Summary, Description, Approach & Efficiency, Solution <br>
    - [ ] Link to code <br>
    - [ ] Pictures of whiteboards <br> -->

Commit message:

Added link to CC-32 to top-level README, updated CC-32 README.

dsna_py/challenges/cc_32_tree_intersection/README.md, after:

# Binary Search Trees - Tree Intersection
Find common values in 2 binary trees. <br>

## Specifications
- Read all of the following instructions carefully. Name things exactly as described.
- Do all your work in a public repository (matching the example provided by your instructor) called data-structures-and-algorithms, with a well-formatted, detailed top-level README.md
- Create a branch in your repository called __`tree-intersection`__
- On your branch, create a folder named __`tree_intersection`__ which contains a file called __`tree_intersection.py`__ <br>

- Include any language-specific configuration files required for this challenge to become an individual component, module, library, etc.
	- __*NOTE:*__ You can find an example of this configuration for your course in your class lecture repository.

## Feature Tasks
- Write a function called __`tree_intersection`__ that takes two binary tree parameters.
- Without utilizing any of the built-in library methods available to your language, return a set of values found in both trees.

## Structure and Testing
Utilize the __*Single-responsibility principle*__: any methods you write should be clean, reusable, abstract component parts to the whole challenge. You will be given feedback and marked down if you attempt to define a large, complex algorithm in one function definition.

Write at least three test assertions for each method that you define.

Ensure your tests are passing before you submit your solution.

## Example
__INPUT:__
<!-- ![example image 1]() -->

<!-- ![example image 1]() -->

__`Output`__	__`[100,160,125,175,200,350,500]`__ <br>

---

## Approach & Efficiency
<!-- __Big O space complexity__ for this approach is __`O(n)`__ <br>
__Big O time complexity__ for this approach is __`O(n)`__ <br>
__Big O time complexity for insertion/deletion__ is __`O(1)`__ <br> -->

## API
<!-- This implementation has access to all functionality of my Binary Tree and Binary Search Tree classes. -->

My code is [here](./tree_intersection.py)

---

## Code Challenge 32 whiteboards:
<!-- ![CC-32 tree intersection - 1](./RELATIVE_PATH) -->

<!-- ## Code Challenge N whiteboard: -->
<!-- ![CC-15 - binary tree](./assets/CC_32_WB.png) -->

---

## Task Checklist: <br>
- [X] Top-level README “Table of Contents” is updated <br>
- [ ] Feature tasks for this challenge are completed <br>
- [ ] Unit tests written and passing <br>
    - [ ] “Happy Path” - Expected outcome <br>
    - [ ] Expected failure <br>
    - [ ] Edge Case (if applicable/obvious) <br>
- [ ] README for this challenge is complete <br>
    - [ ] Summary, Description, Approach & Efficiency, Solution <br>
    - [X] Link to code <br>
    - [ ] Pictures of whiteboards <br>
